Tags : 
Dear Diary,
Time : 12:00 afternoon
Today i tried to do somethings like creating my cloud storage, i am losing the mood to do it, but i cant abandon in half way i will do it somehow, and today i want to complete an anime, installed obsidian in my home pc now i can do shit with it.

I removed my mouse pad, gonna buy a new mouse pad. From tomorrow i should study. i will try again to convert my seagate hard drive into a cloud storage where i can do crud operation from anywhere from this world, after that i should replace my alexa with grook or chatgpt.

And i think it cant be done today lets see.... and i should start doing that project which is given by cc sir. my only concern is about the second project. like how can we make computer understand about sign language maybe there is some apis for that and even so, the api uses the shape of hand and how could we tell which sign is which? dont know i will figure it out and lets try to complete that cloud storage and replace alexa with chatgpt or grook.

i will be right back

Time : 4:41 pm

until now i slept and i woke up. Tried to convert my hard drive into cloud i converted it but i cannot do any CRUD operations in that hard drive except Read i can only read the files and download the files. I wonder how can i use this cloud storage. For doing cloud storage i need to connect that hard drive to my pc and make my pc wake up my pc for the rest of its life which will increase the Electricity bill. 

My next step is to connect play with echo dot i need to make echo dot into a ai which will respond on the basis of grok. I converted my echo dot into chatgpt using a skill called hey chatgpt. it is inbuilt skill.

Next i need to watch anime in netflix 