Dear Diary,
Time: 11:35am

Today i woke up at 8:30 am and seen her message, she answered no to my question and she told me i am in home don't text or reply to me. How arrogant of her?, here i am trying to study and i am asking for what's mine and she said don't text me. I replied to her that "Check the password, i already tried so many times, just tell me the password i wont disturb you, sorry for replying." i shouldn't have said sorry, i am just asking for what's mine right? i replied her before 3hours and she didn't replied me yet. Fuck her!!!!!, i am so irritated by her, how much time it will take to change the password? hardly five minutes. I should reply her with no drama no sorry, remember murahari what you did is right. no matter what i do, i am always right, i should imprint that shit in my mind!.  Don't care about anyone, literally no one. Just don't care. Only care about yourself. No one will look after you, just leave her, it is the correct decision. Eliminate everyone who adds drama to your life. Just enjoy your life alone. No one is worthy of your kindness, no one. Talk with yourself and enjoy your company. You know she did is wrong but it doesn't matter like always. I know that she is lying she changed the password and ignoring my message. she said that she given that account to one of her friend. Next she will say that "my friend changed the password". Like hell i am going to believe that shit. How can someone change the password of another person's account without any kind of verification?. And she didn't gave her account to anyone she is using that account. And acting that she is not studying. Fuck. From now on who ever adds drama to my life i will just eliminate them. I should Just stay away from girls, they are emotionally strong, and i am not. Right now i started to study.

Today, we fixed ac, but the stabilizer didn't came. Actually stabilizer should've came by now but it didn't. By the time we completely fixed ac it was dawn. so i head out for roaming. And after that i went to a movie "sarangapani jathakam", very boring movie. I came home at 12:30 midnight after that i slept at 3:30am.

---
