Dear Diary,

Time: 8:44am
Today i woke up at 7:30am, went out to bring tomatoes, wrote dairy.
I am starting to study.

Time: 4:25pm 
Completed week 1 pdf, I studied and wrote notes which i will refer afterwards. i took break between studying to eat, i made dosa and ate by myself. its tasty. After eating dosa i remembered that i forget to brush my teeth. so brushed my teeth. now i am thinking to read book or watch a movie. Based on my mood. or should i study on something interesting like web-dev or hacking. i don't know lets see... what my mood tells. that's it for now.

I didn't studied one of my friend came and asked me to reset his government tab, so i tried to do but its a fail tomorrow i will try again, i went out just to roam. After roaming i got a message from her. I replied, she said "you went without my permission right"?. Now i am officially ending our friendship. she said i waited for your message more than a week, i said i waited for your message for 14days 1 hour. she said why didn't you tried to contact me, i said i called you on the same day but you ended my call. so i thought you wont talk with me again. and i didn't tried to contact you. she said leave it i am done now. i said "okay". what i did was absolutely correct. she wont do anything to me. No matter how much i did to her. she's not even ready to talk me with respect. she is just treating me like a slave. so that she questioned me "you left without my permission" like am i her slave to ask her permission and do whatever she says?. No i am not! if she wants to talk to me she will.. she didn't asked me why you left?. she is just using me. when i want something from her, she refuses i don't want any objective things. i just want her time just like old times. she just using me, when she wants something she will talks softly, and when i want something from her, she will straight away rejects it. No matter how simple it is. I wanted a sorry from her on behalf of what happened at feb 18. i still need an apology. But leave it, now that she's gone i can study and be happy. i shouldn't feel what i did is wrong. Actually there is no right or wrong in this world. Even you did something wrong and believe it is correct. Everyone believes it is correct. And the more number of people believes your belief, the more correct it becomes. So no matter what i did i should believe it is correct. sooner or later other people also beliefs it is correct, then it becomes it is correct. so i should never doubt myself. on feb 22 night at 9:58pm and i hope she never message me, but my heart wants to talk with her. And i know talking to her is not a right thing to do. I should leave it as it is.

I talked with one of my friend rufus and i slept at 2:00am.

- **Good night**